<h1>Executive Summary</h1>

The intake of open-source software is an issue because of two reasons. 
The first reason is that there is licensing information that belongs to every piece of open-source software. 
The licensing information will tell you how you are allowed to use the software. 
If there is no licensing information, the software is unusable because no permissions have been granted. Using any kind of open-source software or code without permission is not only unethical but can result in serious financial consequences. The second reason is that the open-source software may have vulnerabilities that, depending on how the software is being used, will affect the decision to use or not use the software. These two reasons necessitate a plan on how to evaluate the intake of open-source software. The plan will ensure that proper credit is given concerning the use of someone’s open-source software as well as continuing the maintenance and evolution of the software in question. The creation of a new system to evaluate open-source software will require managers and developers to take on new responsibilities by performing new tasks assigned to them.
	The system described in the data flow diagram is designed to facilitate the intake of open-source software by making it faster and simpler to compare a piece of open-source software with a company’s open-source software policy. A developer can upload a software package which will be sent through a scanner and the NIST vulnerability database. The scan results and the vulnerability results are sent back to the developer and stored in a License and Vulnerability Database. Both a manager and a developer have the ability to request license and vulnerability information on a particular piece of software which will be sent back to them from the license and vulnerability database. A manager can retrieve information on a policy from a Policy Database as well as edit this policy information and upload it back to a Policy Database. A manager also has the ability to create new policies to be uploaded to a Policy Database.
